Where the heck is it?
Ma'am.
Does the wiretapping room
still have power?
This needs recharging.
Yes. I'll do it for you.
So soon?
But she went out only yesterday.
She did it in a day?
She even managed
to become Nam Tae-il's doctor.
She must have substantial intel.
She'll come back tonight. Han-na's
watching her, so let's wait and see.
But will she really come back?
I mean, what's in it for her?
I'm not sure.
I guess love is more important to her
than ideology or principles.
Of course, love is more important
Whether you're a man or a woman,
that's the truth of life.
If Kang Cheong-ya really comes back,
I should learn a lesson from her.
Comes back?
Wait a second.
Did Kang Cheong-ya get out of the dorm?
A charger must be somewhere in here.
Darn it.
Hello?
Who is this?
The telephone operator?
Yes. This is Gye Bun-ok.
Yeong-ro and I are really close.
I can help you
get only Yeong-ro out of here.
Watch what you say.
Who said we'd only get her out?
Stop talking nonsense and turn it off.
Wait!
You'll be promoted
if you catch the Northern spy, right?
Do you want my help?
You can help me catch Lim Soo-ho?
How will you do that?
Well, I will give you
very useful information.
In return, you must help me later.
Dr. Kang Cheong-ya
of Hankuk Central Medical Center
is a Northern spy.
What did you just say?
Kang Cheong-ya is what?
She is a Northern spy!
She must be out of the dorm right now--
Hello? Hey!
Darn it.